So let's finish broke into or Istar in the course materials you will find these products fall there
and need to contain several images that we can use to add some products into the website.
Also there is a product list that the XTi and I have added some titles or description and time line
for each Brugge also the price is right here.
So we're going to start working with these and we're going to add some products.
You were then a lot of these interface you can see is really different.
So this means this means all of these because you are now there and everything in these cores so we're
going to add a product name.
So in my case and when I start with these 00 it's going to be that that was so from here.
I'm going to copy's name with that with something like this.
This company's stock line in page right here so it is a little bit you can see we have the right price.
And in this case it's going to be nine.
That's at 9:00 right here on the right.
You can see that we have the product match and you can set the payload right here and you can see that
the interface is really similar to that.
And when we are creating a post or a page I'm going to select this first image.
And then when I said the match from here we have set up the title tag line the price and also the image.
So I'm going to click it on Polish
and from here you can see pro-police.
And you can click it on your brother and now you can see that we have something like this.
We have the tower we have the price and you have the quantity and you can add these to the card.
If you remember in the previous video we enable the installation and activation of a storefront but
looks like it didn't work.
If I open managed teams you can see that with a storefront installed in the case that storefront was
installing your working site.
You can continue working with the course using a storefront or you can activate 20:17 if you're actively
20:17 you will find the same user interface as I have.
But of course you can continue with the star from by that's OK.
And this is the output of you seeing the 2017 theme in your Wordpress installation that's fine.
So for example you can click on that the at and you can see to what has been added to the car.
You can view the car and you can see we have something like this.
You can apply a coupon right here we're going to create coupons in upcoming Beadle's and I'm going to
change the quantity of the cart and you can see we have something like this funky you can process the
checkout and feel this information.
You can see with Paypal ash and the liberty and direct bank transfer.
So we have added the first brother and everything is working fine in the next videos we're going to
continue working with this interface so you can get more familiar with the broken.